[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Glenn
Steckling is back with us with
his new book, "The UFO Reality--
Can Truth Prevail?"
Good question.
The field is fraught
with disinformation
and misinformation, so how are
we to sort through what's true?
Let's go to Glenn and find out.
Glenn, welcome back.
>>GLENN STECKLING:
Thank you, Regina.
Pleasure to be here.
>>REGINA: And thank so much for
sending me this suite of books,
again, particularly--
I just have a love affair
with the George Adamski
story, the time where it seemed
that truth was prevailing.
>>STECKLING: Yes.
>>REGINA: And of course, he was
ridiculed as a result of it.
And that's a story that
continues to this day.
More revelations continue.
We're going to talk about
George Adamski in a bit.
But what I'd like to
talk about first--
you and I were
talking off camera.
And the whole notion of
disclosure-- disclosure,
disclosure, all of these sites,
conspiracy sites, UFO sites--
disclosure is here.
Disclosure is almost here.
They're all going to prison.
Then we have every
iteration of this story.
And I said to you, but
Steven Greer, I thought,
did a very noble job
of disclosure in 2001.
And you said, yeah, but it was
destined to failure because it
had already happened.
So let's talk about winding
the clock back to 1960
and what had already happened.
And I want to say this,
because a lot of people
have seen "Project Blue
Book" on the History Channel
and understand a
lot of that is true.
And you see what
the dynamics were.
So now you take it away.
>>STECKLING: Before we
do that leap in time,
we have to understand
that what was attempted
in early disclosure
in '92 and 2001
was a method of
trying to pressure
the government and the
intelligence community
to fess up.
>>REGINA: Yes.
That's true.
>>STECKLING: And you can
never pressure these people.
That is a fallacy.
And to think that
you can go in there
and push these people
to finally say,
OK, we're going
to give it to you,
that's never going to happen.
But history is repetitive.
And we already saw
this same procedure
take place in the early 1960s.
Major Donald Keyhoe
was part of NICAP.
And NICAP collected--
>>REGINA: Tell us who
NICAP is, what NICAP was.
>>STECKLING: Well, NICAP
was an organization
that collected UFO reports.
>>REGINA: And this was
concurrent with Project Blue
Book?
>>STECKLING: Well, some
of the same, shall we say,
recognizable figures in NICAP
were also political figures
as well.
Admiral Hillenkoetter,
Major Keyhoe,
Edward Ruppelt--
these people were
all part of the 1950s
collection of data.
And by 1960, they had
over 11,000 reports
of UFOs, photographs,
eyewitnesses, and whatnot.
And so the attempt was then
to transition into Congress
in order to get them to pressure
the intelligence community,
because the Air
Force was initially
responsible for all
UFO collection data.
And then the CIA took
that over in 1953,
and then the Air Force would
funnel it through to them.
And so there was
an attempt there
in the early '60s under
John McCormack, who
was Speaker of the House,
and other congressmen
to get some of this information.
And Donald Keyhoe was
instrumental in providing
that information to them.
And it was impossible to get.
John McCormack said
they're running
into a major blockage
of any release of data
from the institutions
that are holding it.
>>REGINA: Totally stonewalling.
>>STECKLING: Totally
stonewalling it, exactly.
And so we already saw then and
also towards the late '60s with
Professor James McDonald
the pressure to try to get,
before the Condon
Report came out--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --in '69, to
release this information
or more of the
information to the public.
And once again, it was
shut down and stonewalled.
And the same political
forces that governed then
are reciprocated
into latter history.
Many of the same people
that were recognizable,
whether it was George Bush
Sr., the director of the CIA
under Nixon--
Donald Rumsfeld was later
secretary of defense.
And you've got many of the
same recognizable names
that were dominoed downstream
into later historical contact.
These people weren't going to--
>>REGINA: They're not going
to let you twist their arm.
>>STECKLING: They're
not going to let
you twist their arm, because
the UFO subject is more highly
classified than the Manhattan
Project was to the atomic bomb.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: It remains the
most highly classified subject
in our arsenal.
And the last president to
really have full access to it
was John Kennedy.
>>REGINA: And we're going to
talk about that in the story.
And I appreciate that
Project Blue Book, even
though it had some fiction--
we talked to Paul
Hynek recently--
did carry a lot
of the bones of it
and did include the
Kennedy part of the story.
I thought that was gutsy.
>>STECKLING: Well, yes, but
it was much more than that.
Franklin Roosevelt was briefed.
Eisenhower--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: Adamski
briefed Eisenhower
by taking him to the
air base in California
in which one of
these craft landed.
And then years later,
with Kennedy in '62
and the attorney
general Bobby, they
did the same thing in
the California desert
to a different base.
And so they had
firsthand briefing.
And as time went on, less
and less of this occurred.
By the time we got to Nixon,
he had only partial access.
>>REGINA: Why is that?
>>STECKLING: Because
it was determined
that the secrecy of
maintaining the UFO secrecy
had to be classified
at a level which there
was very little access to.
We have this illusion that
in this democracy of ours
the president is running
the country, and he's not.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STECKLING: I mean,
not by a long shot.
And so as time went
on, it was determined
by the institutions
that hold this material
that these political
figures were not
to be trusted to be given any
information because they are
all too willing to trade it
for votes, or promise of votes,
or anything else.
I mean, how many--
Carter, who had
his own sighting--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --when he was
in a nuclear submarine--
>>REGINA: And asked to
be briefed in on it.
>>STECKLING: And
asked to be briefed.
And he was disavowed.
And the promise that was made
by Clinton and the promise that
was made by Hillary
Clinton, all these people,
they are trying to promise
you something in order
to gain votes, but they do not
have access to it themselves.
It's way past their level.
And so we have run
into this block.
And why is that block?
>>REGINA: OK, so we're
going back to 1969.
Is that when the
Condon Report came out?
>>STECKLING: Yeah,
on Inauguration Day
of Richard Nixon on purpose.
>>REGINA: There you go, Richard
Nixon, OK, to be buried.
So you hire some stooges to
put out a report-- eh, nothing
to it, basically nothing to it.
And there you go.
Now it's publicly
dead in the water.
>>STECKLING: Well,
the Condon Report
was a vehicle here of the
University of Colorado,
all right?
And if you look
at the quotations
from the interim memos
which are available,
it states that the research
is to be done specifically
by nonbelievers.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: And so they
have basically set up
the scientific--
>>REGINA: Set it up.
>>STECKLING: --experiment
to be totally biased
in an opposite direction.
It's like saying, well, we're
going to make Oswald the patsy,
and we will only take the
information that we can--
>>REGINA: That justifies that.
>>STECKLING: --that
justifies that,
even though the amount of
information that was contrary
was a whole library full.
And they just simply ignored it.
And so the Condon
Report was designated
to use the same
psychological method.
And this is basically
psychology 101.
This is how we have learned
to control the masses.
>>REGINA: And so
here we are decades
later, I mean, what,
four decades later, five
decades later.
And we're really
just now starting
to see some cracks within it.
And at the same time where
you're having, for example,
the reports that
start coming out
in 2017 through "The
New York Times--"
this is old information.
>>STECKLING: Yes.
>>REGINA: Pilot
engagement with craft--
really low level stuff,
but still compelling.
And yet the larger story
continues to be repressed.
And so what's
happened in its place
over the decades has been
massive amounts of people--
I don't know-- freelancing,
conspiracy theories.
Even Steven Greer, who
I thought was really
doing an admirable job trying to
put the later disclosure-- '92,
2001, the one I
attended-- together,
there has been so
much corruption.
And I'm going to use your words.
A kaleidoscope of
confusion is what
you now call the UFO
community, saying
it's its own worst enemy.
So let's start there with
all the disinformation
and misinformation.
Why?
Just intrigue or what?
>>STECKLING: The
second half of my book
is dealing expressly with this.
One of the chapters is called
the illusion of disclosure.
The other one is called the
hoax of alien abductions
and so on and so forth.
And so what has happened
is that the train wreck
of what this UFO
field has become
has accelerated to a point
where people are either jumping
on or jumping off.
Most are staying on the
train because that's
where the recognition lies.
Most of the entire exploitation
of the UFO field is
for recognition,
self-acclamation--
>>REGINA: Profit.
>>STECKLING: --profit, and a
few other little egotistical
backdrops as well.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>STECKLING: And so
what has happened
is that there is no
care, no consideration
for the consequences
of that action.
It has become easier to join
them than to work against them.
And so we have
developed a dogma--
this already began in 1961--
where it was determined to
take the UFO field divergent.
And the divergent was into
fear, aggression, threat,
mutilations, bizarrity,
this kind of thing.
>>REGINA: Eisenhower
was aware of this?
>>STECKLING: I would say that
the divergence came in '61.
Eisenhower was out of office.
He, of course, gave
you the warning
about the military
industrial complex.
>>REGINA: He warned, yes.
>>STECKLING: Yes.
He knew more than he could
say, which most people do.
>>REGINA: Because he was there
in that lead-up to that split.
>>STECKLING: Well, he was also
the only five-star general.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: And so that he
had already, shall we say,
reports in the European theaters
of war of these alien craft--
the foo fighters, the
motherships, the spacecraft.
>>REGINA: So he
was knowledgeable.
>>STECKLING: He
But he also saw the other
side of the equation,
which was the opposing force.
And the opposing force wants
to take this divergent,
and they want to do that
for a particular reason.
And that reason is to deny
the people of this planet
their rightful advancement
and progression into a better
society and better world
which will take them
the next step into outer
space in association
with the rest of the visitors
that come from these planets
and from these systems.
And so it would change the
entire dynamics of how--
>>REGINA: The power structure.
>>STECKLING: We
are micromanaged.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: And
that has continued.
And now what has happened is
by that divergence the UFO
community, not knowing better--
because they really don't
know what they're talking
about to a great degree--
they have jumped on that
train, and they have also
accelerated with it because it
carries them to the recognition
that they want.
And that's why this subject
has become such a kaleidos--
basically you can
say a garbage bin.
>>REGINA: So much infighting.
I mean, I have been
fascinated and intrigued
with the subject at its
roots, about the notion
that we're in a universe
that's populated
with other far more,
in certain ways,
intelligent species,
but not necessarily
superior species in a way.
The human being is
an amazing complex
when you look at us
from a spiritual level.
When you look at us from
a conscious mind level,
maybe not so impressive.
So there are many
levels of intelligence.
And to be able to
open ourselves up
to the experience, and
knowledge, and wisdom
of other cultures, to say
nothing of clean technology
and so forth, just seems
the right thing to do.
So I am always
driven forward trying
to find more of that
information, which
is hard to find now.
>>STECKLING: There
is a denominator
that people need
to take seriously.
In order to travel
space successfully,
we're talking a technology
that is at least 2,000
to 4,000 years ahead of us.
We are just capable
of getting to the Moon
by using slingshot effect to
an object that we can see.
Go 50 million miles,
100 million miles,
200 million miles
into the space,
and you are surrounded by
a three-dimensional cluster
of stars and star systems.
They're all just
pinpoints of light.
And it's not like,
well, that one's Earth.
Let's go that direction.
You couldn't define
which one it is
unless you had the technology
to map its frequency,
to map the electromagnetic
lines of space--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --and use
those in order to travel.
And so to technologically
advance 3,000, 4,000 years,
you are still not a caveman in
your sociological development
because that is
drawn along with you.
It has to be.
We can see that replicated here.
And so what we have
done is we say,
well, they may
come and visit us,
but they're still going to be
bizarre in their appearance.
They're still
going to be archaic
in their characteristics,
brutal in their thinking.
And that all goes
out the window,
because you don't travel
space if you still
maintain that mentality.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And this is, I mean--
well, George
Adamski's experiences
showed him how these rivers
of energy and space work,
for example, showed
how interstellar space
travel occurred, showed how
civilizations elsewhere lived.
And it was really all very
compelling and very beautiful,
and yet he was shot down.
>>STECKLING: Well, we found that
the descriptions that he gave
were the information
given directly
to him by his space contacts.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: He was
basically a conduit.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: And we have also
found that over the last 60
years what the man said has
come to fruition and to truth.
We have determined that
space is moving, that there
are electromagnetic storms--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --that the sun
gives off radiation, not heat,
and goes on, and on, and on.
>>REGINA: All these
things he said back then.
>>STECKLING: All these things.
Here's an interesting thing--
talk about rehash
of information.
About 10 years ago,
we decided to release
that Mars has saltwater.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: Well, if
you look in the 1961
publishing of George Adamski,
that's exactly what he said.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STECKLING: And so this is
what this has come down to.
We are constantly given
the rehashed information.
If you look at Keyhoe's
book, Frank Edwards' "Flying
Saucers, Serious Business,"
and a host of others,
we realize that the accounts
taken by pilots, airline pilots
and military pilots, are volumes
full already during that time.
And so now they say to
you, oh, look, the Navy
has this video of this UFO.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>STECKLING: And
people, of course,
don't remember
back to that time,
or secondly they don't do much--
>>REGINA: Usually it's
like 20 years back or so.
>>STECKLING: They
don't do much research.
>>REGINA: Yeah, they don't.
>>STECKLING: They don't,
because they want everything
handed to them on a platter.
>>REGINA: They want to
have a simple story.
>>STECKLING: Well, they
want a simple story
that they can justify.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: So since
watching science fiction since
the '50s and we have
looked at the studios,
the government military studios
that's right across from
Hollywood, which goes ahead and
screens all sci-fi scripts--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --if you look
at the book "Hollywood Vs.
the Aliens" or "Silver
Screen Flying Saucers"
it speaks specifically of
promoting a specific agenda--
bombarding the
public with screaming
monsters that come here
to do something to you,
and that overtake your
planet, and that we're
so special that they
want to take our cows
and everything else.
And we have promoted
a sci-fi agenda
that has been incorporated
into the agenda
that we want that
divergence to go.
And that's why we have arrived
at the sorry state of this UFO
community that we are now.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
So is the mess that
we're seeing top down?
We know the individual players.
We know the people that
maybe are getting something
on a monetary or
egoic level out of it.
But is a lot of
this really being
manipulated from the top down?
>>STECKLING: Not anymore.
>>REGINA: So now it's
freelance players.
>>STECKLING: What has happened
is when we went divergent
in '61, the
intelligence community,
the CIA wanted to see if
the ball would be picked up.
And they no longer--
by the time they
hit the mid-1970s,
they no longer needed to go--
>>REGINA: They let everyone
do it to ourselves.
>>STECKLING: That's
exactly right.
I mean, it's as
simple as it gets.
>>REGINA: Yes.
At the same time
though, you still
had people that
oversaw editorial
when it comes to print
and also to Hollywood.
So let me just
ask you a question
that popped into my head here.
What about the movie "The
Day the Earth Stood Still?"
>>STECKLING: The
original version of it--
well, there are two things.
What most people
don't know or very few
have any ability to know is that
before the end of World War II
one of these crafts
landed in Alaska,
and the four major leaders
were summoned to a meeting.
And that was FDR, Churchill,
Stalin, and de Gaulle.
And so some of that
type of interaction
already had occurred.
When the movie "The Day the
Earth Stood Still" came out,
it was directed to the
actual contacts that were
occurring or about to occur.
And it depicts 100% the
mentality of our politicians,
the mentality of our
military, the mentality
of our general public, the
mentality of the media.
>>REGINA: It was instructive.
>>STECKLING: And I believe
it was specifically so.
And so that movie really was
a very concrete stepping stone
to see how we would react
to that storyline being
played out.
>>REGINA: Which is
interesting, because it's
set apart from the other
storylines completely.
>>STECKLING: Yeah.
At '53, we had "Earth
Vs. the Flying Saucers,"
and then everything
went crazy from there.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STECKLING: And
so that storyline
was to incorporate the
fact that the people came
amongst us looked like you
and I, could walk the streets.
As I already told you before
in a previous interview, when
my father went before the
scientists and the scientists
asked him, how many people
from other worlds do you know
are walking amongst
us, my father
wrote down a number
on a piece of paper,
and the scientist
wrote down his.
They exchanged numbers, and
they were practically the same.
So they were aware that there
are those who come amongst us
and spent a couple years.
It's like a Peace
Corps, two-year process
in which they interact with us.
And they also learn some
things from us as well.
And then they go back home.
I envy them because they
got a ticket out of here.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Well, it is a little
crazy around these parts,
especially today.
>>STECKLING: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, so
in your book you're
talking about men in black.
We kind of hit on this.
That was the old
way of interfacing.
Now, as you mentioned
earlier, you say no need.
>>STECKLING: There's no need.
>>REGINA: We do it to ourselves.
>>STECKLING: In the early
'50s with the contacts,
when the witnesses could not be
discouraged they were visited
by these intelligence agents--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --just
like George did.
And I mention it in the book.
And they came to him, and they
said, if you don't shut up,
we're going to tie you
to the bumper of the car
and drag you down the mountain
and so on and so forth.
And in his case,
he knew who they
were because he had
been briefed beforehand
that this was going to happen.
>>REGINA: And who were they?
>>STECKLING: They were
officers for the CIA.
And so he said to them,
I'll tell you what.
I'm going to call
up the newspaper,
and I'll give them your
commanding officer,
the names of the agents,
and will reveal everything.
And then you're going to have
a big storm on your hands.
And so they didn't
come back to them,
because they knew from
that point on that
those who were supporting George
and his space contacts that
came to warn him were
much more, shall we say,
powerful than they
could ever be.
But on the whole,
the men in black
were successful going among
some of the witnesses--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --and
saying, hey, if you
don't do this, your children
or your grandchildren
will be in danger
and what have you.
What we have subjected
our own so-called citizens
and populations to
is truly incredible.
>>REGINA: Yes, we have.
It's criminal.
Let's go to what could have
been reasonable disclosure
among the astronauts.
We'll talk about Gordon Cooper.
We'll talk about Neil Armstrong.
Gordon Cooper witnessed
UFOs while a combat officer
over Germany.
Let's go ahead and
talk about him.
And some people know his story,
but many people seeing this
don't know Gordon
Cooper's story.
>>STECKLING: Well, let's
step one step further
back than that.
In '52 in July,
these flying saucers
flew over the Capitol
of Washington--
photographed over the White
House, over the Capitol.
The military scrambled Shooting
Stars, the Lockheed Shooting
Stars after them.
Couldn't chase them,
couldn't catch them,
couldn't shoot at them,
couldn't do anything.
>>REGINA: Well, they're so fast.
>>STECKLING: Yeah.
And shortly thereafter,
the government
was going to divulge.
They printed about
120 million flyers
in which they were going to
divulge to the population
and come out with
so-called disclosure.
>>REGINA: What year again, '52?
>>STECKLING: '52.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>STECKLING: Hoyt Vandenberg,
General Hoyt Vandenberg,
Air Force Pentagon
chief of staff--
>>REGINA: Yes, yeah.
>>STECKLING: --said no.
He nixed the entire thing.
And from that point forward,
that blockade continued to run.
So when we talk about
release of information,
we were on the verge of doing
it, but we decided not to.
>>REGINA: But we didn't.
He did.
>>STECKLING: Well, remember,
this is a two-edged sword.
One, we'd come out
of World War II.
We were in a Cold War.
We're in nuclear arms race.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STECKLING: Next, they
weren't totally aware
of what these crafts were,
and where they came from,
and their capabilities.
>>REGINA: And they could
have been out of Russia.
>>STECKLING: That's right.
And then the next thing
is they are chartered.
Our government officials
and military officials
are chartered to protect us.
And that protection is
left to their discretion
in order to determine what that
protection is going to mean.
So in that particular
time and place,
they determined that they
were going to protect us.
And the only way they knew how
to do that is to shut it down.
>>REGINA: OK, so I mean,
that was their rationale.
>>STECKLING: That
was their rationale.
>>REGINA: And to them,
it was sound thinking.
>>STECKLING: For the moment.
>>REGINA: For the moment, yeah.
>>STECKLING: Not for very long.
I mean, quickly that
was peeled away.
Getting back to
Gordon Cooper, he
had seen these craft over
the European theater,
and so had many other people.
My parents saw these
motherships, and saucers,
and foo fighters during
the war, World War II
when they were
children in Berlin
and the bombed-out cities.
And many of our squadron
commanders reported that too,
that while they were
flying in B-17 formations
these things were flying
along next to them.
And so Gordon Cooper
had seen that,
and he was initially
vocal at what he had seen.
And I think that when you
look at the other astronauts,
some of them reciprocated
that, being vocal as well,
but they were also
very cognizant
of their military secrecy oath,
because all of these officers
have to take an oath.
And if you remember the
legislation, there was a--
it's written in the
book, I think [INAUDIBLE]
18, that states that you
can go to jail for reporting
this type of information.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
>>STECKLING: And
there's also another law
that says that if you
have contact with aliens
that you can go to jail as well.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: So how
do you get a law
that sends you to
jail for something
they claim that doesn't exist?
>>REGINA: Doesn't exist.
>>STECKLING: And so
Cooper was vocal.
There were others, of
course, many others that
were vocal and became more
vocal as time came along.
>>REGINA: Should I read one
of the statements you have--
>>STECKLING: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: --a quote
you have in your book.
He had said, "Intelligent
beings from other planets
regularly enter our
world in an effort
to enter into contact with us.
I've encountered various
ships during my space voyages.
NASA remains silent
to not alarm people."
Is that correct?
Is that why NASA remains
silent, you think?
>>STECKLING: Well,
it's threefold.
NASA's a government agency
that is administrated greatly
by military, their military
officers and personnel
that are running a
certain portion of NASA.
Some of it is chartered out.
And then it's a
political agency that
was responsible to
the vice president.
And so they are not
selected to tell you this.
That's not their function.
If they have information,
that information
is supposed to go to either
their political overseers
or military overseers
to see what information
is going to be leaked forth.
They are not the primary agency
that makes that decision.
>>REGINA: So it's not in
their purview to do that, OK.
>>STECKLING: And so thereby--
I remember when my father
came back from NASA and the 22
scientists, my mother as well.
The scientists said, we have
got warehouses full of data
that there is no time,
no budget, or money to be
able to go through and discern.
And then as the
years went on, when
we got our first-generation
copies from Apollo
for the Moon, then
the scientists said,
we don't even have the
equipment that came along
with Mercury and
Gemini in order to go
through the process of going
through this material again.
So when my father was going
through the Moon pictures,
they were supportive.
They said, heck, go and look.
See what you find,
and let that out.
>>REGINA: And what years
was that, during what years?
>>STECKLING: '67, my
father went to NASA
and three months
thereafter Colonel Freeman
from the Pentagon.
And if you remember any UFO
history in the late '50s,
Colonel Freeman was
a very vocal advocate
for letting the material out.
He was a good friend of
Captain Ruppelt, Major Berkow,
and other officers who were
against this total suppression
of the material.
And I describe their
meeting in the Pentagon
that my father had.
And so when you look at the
accumulation of material
that has been
warehoused, I mean,
there's an incredible amount.
And it's just not
to anybody's desire
to try to access anymore.
It's a shame, but
it's the truth.
>>REGINA: It seems
like it wouldn't
have sunk into
something as mundane
as not bothering
to inquire anymore.
>>STECKLING: Well,
because the budget.
Remember, the budget is
driven by public perception.
And the public were led
to believe that the space
program was worthless,
where, in fact,
if you remember Hugh Downs,
who just passed away--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --he
reported that there
is a 4-to-1 return
for every dollar spent
in the space program, which
is way better than the stock
market.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STECKLING: And
so we were supposed
to go from a military
and oil-based economy
to a space-based
science economy,
and we didn't take that
leap for obvious reasons.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STECKLING: And so, so much
of the benefits of the space
program have never been really
educated into the people.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STECKLING: I mean,
computerized wristwatches like
the one from Apple, all
the Texas Instruments,
the computers, the microwaves--
I mean, you could go on and on--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --of the
technological benefits
from space.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: And so when the
people become ignorant and say,
oh, why do we need to do that?
We got problems on Earth.
Let's not spend money then--
the budgets shrink smaller
and smaller to a point
where they can barely
function, and now they
have to farm it out to
private corporations.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
Just kind of topping off the
astronaut phase of this story--
it was the same thing
with Neil Armstrong.
Neil Armstrong had also
told mission control, hey,
I'm seeing a couple
objects here.
And basically the CIA
covered that, told
him hush up about that one.
>>STECKLING: Well, there's a
five-second transmission delay.
>>REGINA: Yes, yeah.
>>STECKLING: And so that
gave some time in order
to interrupt communications.
My information was that when
our astronauts got to the moon
they found not only
extraterrestrial craft,
but space bases.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: Not
only them, but ours.
>>REGINA: Yeah, ours.
>>STECKLING: So the first
step on the moon was a PR,
but we had already
been there beforehand.
And this greatly impacted
Astronaut Armstrong.
And to some degree, he
shut down because he
realized so much of what the
truth was would never go--
>>REGINA: To the public.
>>STECKLING: --to the public.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STECKLING: What we
really would never go.
>>REGINA: How disheartening.
>>STECKLING: He became
very disheartened.
>>REGINA: After everything he
had done and devoted his life
to, it was never going
to be made public
what was really going on.
>>STECKLING: That's right.
>>REGINA: I can understand that.
And I have to bring this up
because I saw it years ago,
and I loved it.
I don't know what
you think of it--
Martin Stubbs, the
fellow up in BC
that was running a little public
access television station who
supposedly tapped into
the NASA transmission raw,
so it didn't have any
five-second interrupt or delay.
The stuff floating around
out there in those images--
if people haven't
seen it, I highly
recommend people try to
find it wherever you can.
It's called the "Secret
Space Transmissions."
What are your
thoughts on that film?
>>STECKLING: Well, I remember--
I hadn't seen the film that
you're speaking about recently,
so it's a bit back in my memory.
>>REGINA: No, I haven't
for a long time either.
I just remember the shape of
these things moving in and out
of view that we never saw
on the NASA transmissions.
>>STECKLING: Well, never, no.
And I remember that
Maurice Chatelain, who
wrote the book "Our Ancestors
Came from Outer Space," who
was the patent holder for
the Apollo telecommunication
system, spoke explicitly
about every astronaut mission
being accompanied
by UFOs and also
being transmitted music into
the command module as well.
And so they were
very aware of that.
And so there are
multiple frequencies.
And so as in
Armstrong's case he was
told switch to this frequency,
switch to this frequency
so that it could not be
so readily intercepted.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: And so
that's another reason
why I am so adamant about
proving that we never
faked the moon mission,
because I have the proof.
I have the first-generation
photographs.
When you look at this
material, it is--
the faking the
Moon landing is all
based upon a premise
of certain things--
why the flag is waving,
or why this is happening?
So it had to be in a studio.
But when you study
the information that
has come out about the
Moon, we have learned
there is a lunar atmosphere.
There is lunar
atmospheric pressure.
There are clouds and mists.
There are moving lights
and moving objects.
So the flag waving had to do
with the atmospheric pressure
on the moon, the pressure
gradient, flapping that flag.
It had nothing to
do with the studio.
When you look at
Astronaut Young,
he can only jump about 20 inches
with his full astronaut pack.
That's because
mathematically it's
proven that the
gravity of the Moon
is 64% that of
Earth, not one sixth.
That is a pure fallacy.
So when you understand
the true conditions
of what is on the moon,
then you don't come up
with these unbelievable
leaps of fantasy
to say that the moon mission
is filmed in a studio.
And so it's another one of these
sensationalistic promotions
by the UFO community
to drum up profit,
but they have nothing behind
it other than their sheer
ignorance of the conditions.
>>REGINA: OK, let
me ask you this.
Which book features that
information about the moon?
>>STECKLING: My father's book,
"Alien Bases on the Moon."
>>REGINA: Yeah, OK.
I wanted to get the name of
it so people can look it up.
>>STECKLING: It's "We Discovered
Alien Bases on the Moon."
It came out in 1981.
I revised it in 1997.
>>REGINA: And when were
the photographs taken?
>>STECKLING: The lunar pictures
were all taken by Apollo.
>>REGINA: OK, by Apollo.
>>STECKLING: And
so what happened
is one of the scientists
said to my father,
if you write to this
and this department
you can get microfiche and
microfilm of the missions
that you request.
But it's going to cost you,
because it's not for free.
So my father said no problem.
So he picked specifics of
what he wanted, and I still
have the pictures in
my safe, and I still
have the microfilm in my safe.
And you could order
those pictures.
Some of them came--
about 15 by 11
Hasselblad pictures.
And there, you could go
through those photographs,
and you could see clouds and
mist hanging over craters
casting a shadow.
You could see
constructed devices
hanging between canyons.
This is all stuff that
was reported already
for the last 100 years.
If you look at the
chronological listing
of the lunar
atmospheric conditions
that NASA put out
in '67, Middlehurst,
it lists for the last 100
years exactly the same things.
And so when you look
at what has happened
on the moon and the same type
of environment that George
Adamski already
described in 1955 when
he flew around the
moon and the saucer--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --you will notice
that the conditions that life
promotes is the same
regardless of where you go,
whether it's Earth, the
moon, the backside of Venus,
the moons of Titan
and Saturn, wherever.
Life constructs under the same
parameters and principles,
doesn't change.
It is a constant.
Thank god it's not run by us,
because we'd mess it all up.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS] Indeed.
>>STECKLING: All right,
so you see these things.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: So in '71,
Apollo left instrumentation
that measured water geysers.
And they measured--
and I have the report.
For 14 hours, water
geysers spraying out
of the lunar surface.
People said, what,
water on the moon--
in 1990.
They left 40 years in between.
And then they tell
you, oh, guess what?
We found water on the Moon.
Well, you already
found it in 1971.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STECKLING: It's basically the
same information given to you
again to see how the
public will react.
Will they show any more
concern or interest
now as they did then?
And they found out
no, they don't.
They're too busy with all
the other peripheral stuff.
They could care less.
So we have built
ourselves a dilemma.
>>REGINA: Let me ask you about
this, the Silver Springs film
sequence, OK, since
we're sticking
with things that can be proven.
OK, let's talk about the
Silver Springs film sequence.
>>STECKLING: February of
1965, George had come back
a month earlier from New
York City with U Thant, where
he was offered a seat
on the United Nations.
And George turned it down.
And we ask him, why
did you do that?
And he said, because if I take
an official position I would
thereby be told what
I can and cannot say.
And he says, I don't do that.
So he politely declined that.
>>REGINA: Let me
say this right now.
So for anybody that hasn't
watched our previous interview,
OK, to go and take a peek
at it because it gives
a lot of background on
George Adamski, as I said,
a gentleman, it seems to
me, a very high integrity
in intelligence.
And so I highly recommend people
watch our previous interview--
>>STECKLING: I do too.
>>REGINA: --to
set this story up,
because we're not going to do
the whole thing over again.
Go ahead.
>>STECKLING: So in
February of '65 a few days
before the famous Silver
Springs UFO footage was taken,
couple spacemen
came to the house.
>>REGINA: Your house?
Whose house?
>>STECKLING: To Madeleine's
house, where we all were
staying, the road of her house.
>>REGINA: OK, at
Madeleine's house.
>>STECKLING: In Silver Springs.
>>REGINA: Was George
staying there at that time?
>>STECKLING: George
stayed there.
We stayed there.
Everybody stayed there
whenever George came into town.
And two of them
came to the house
and sat down on the
dining room table,
and told him, on this and
this day at this and this time
we are planning this maneuver.
First will come a remote
control registering
disk that will measure the
distance between the trees,
and thereafter
will come the scout
craft about 100 feet
from the camera lens
and do the exact same maneuvers.
However, the scout craft will
also extend and retract one
of the three-ball condensers
that is underneath the craft--
and so to be ready.
And this is a normal
sequence of events
because these type of activities
don't happen haphazardly.
It's arranged.
So a few days later,
George and Madeleine
were standing out on the front
porch and get ready to film.
And he handed her the
camera, and he said,
I don't want to be the only one
who always takes UFO footage.
Other people need
to take it too.
And of course, many have.
But Madeleine did not
know how to use a camera.
She had never filmed.
In the old days
with these cameras,
you have to literally
count 1, 2, 3, 4.
If you move too quickly,
you pan too quickly,
then everything's a blur.
>>REGINA: It's all distorted.
>>STECKLING: And it's distorted.
And he saw that she
didn't know how to use it.
So he took the camera from
her to film the sequence.
And lo and behold
came the registering
just skipping over the trees,
moving between the trees.
>>REGINA: Doing
measurements, so to speak.
>>STECKLING: Doing
measurements, yes.
Because there's a
difference between
a 2-foot-long registering or
remote-controlled disk of what
we would use now as
a drone and a saucer
that's about 33
feet in diameter.
And so that was filmed.
And in fact, I supplied
you the pictures
with that where you can see the
frame-by-frame analysis that
shows the registering just
moving behind the trees.
So this has once more
given the skeptics
a slap upside the face.
Next came the scout craft, which
came skipping along the trees
and then moved into the
area in front of the house.
The film was analyzed by Bill
Sherwood from Eastman Kodak.
And it shows the craft
moving side to side.
There is an elongation
effect of the hull that
is coming from the
propulsion system,
because the propulsion system
is electromagnetic and goes
through the skin, like
the pores of your skin.
And it causes a slight
radiation effect.
And so consequently not
only is the craft moving,
there's distortion on the
side of the hull, which
proves it's not
a model, and then
moving back and forth
the three-ball condenser.
And then what happens
is it moved right
over the top of your
head as George filmed it
over the top of the
house and was gone.
And so that film was
developed within 24 hours.
My father, my mother,
Nelson, Madeleine's husband,
Madeleine, George, and
myself sat in the living room
and watched it.
It was intact 100%--
beautiful, beautiful.
And the only piece
that was taken from it
was the piece when it goes
across the top of your head,
because it shows the
rings oscillating
underneath the
flange of the craft.
And it showed too much
of the propulsion system.
And so the space
people told George
that they were worried that
they would be analyzing that
in order to divulge
propulsion systems,
so they asked for that back.
And he cut that off
and gave it to them.
But there were two
frames surviving.
And if you look at Rene Olsen's
book "The George Adamski
Story," he found
those two frames,
and he put them
in there as well.
And so my father arranged for an
international press conference
on March 13 of 1965 at
the Mayflower Hotel.
And all the major
networks were there.
And they showed that film
along with the other films
that George had--
the Wisconsin footage where
the craft moves back and forth
and forward and back at
high velocities, stopping,
90-degree turns, the
one from Mexico which
shows the craft as it
appears behind the trees.
And so consequently,
shall we say
that the media was astounded.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: And there was
also the diplomatic staff,
because my mother had
mailed all the invitations
to the diplomatic staff of all
the embassies in Washington
as well.
So there were a
certain amount of them.
George was to pass away just
shortly after his 73rd birthday
in late April.
And so the story continued.
>>REGINA: So today, as we're
moving on in this talk,
those days were the days
where you had real evidence.
You had serious researchers.
You had amazing witnesses
who were an integrity.
George even went so far as--
as I recall, he put it out
that he would pay if
someone could disprove what?
>>STECKLING: There was,
I believe, a $10,000--
>>REGINA: A reward.
>>STECKLING: --offer
or reward for anyone
who thought they
could positively
show that any of the
material was fake.
And none of it was ever proven.
None of it was ever taken.
>>REGINA: No one got the reward.
So it was in a day
where there was still--
even though this political
decision to split off happened,
there was still a lot of
integrity in the movement.
And today, as we spoke about
earlier on, not so much.
Where can we find some
integrity in research today,
and how can we tell
the pretenders?
>>STECKLING: I wouldn't say
that there is not integrity.
I would say that it is a
little bit more buried.
In my book, I talk about having
a meeting in the Southwest
sponsored by several well-known
scientists in which we
had a three-day
symposium and all of them
experts in their field.
And I also relate
the story of being
at one of the doctors'
house in the evening,
because he had arranged for
some of the laboratory people
to come and have an
evening cocktail party,
and to talk about the
subject, to look at the films,
and what have you.
And so he said to me-- we're
standing out on the balcony
afterwards.
And he said to me, people
have such little knowledge
or recognition of what an
immensely amazing creation
the human form is.
All the capabilities
are given to us
to conceive, and to produce,
and to use immense technology.
He says, try taking a
finger away and then trying
to build a computer board.
It becomes 10 times
more difficult.
He says, most
certainly no creature
with a claw that climbed out
of the ocean that has now
been either called a crustacean,
praying mantis, reptilian,
or any of these other
fictitious descriptions
can possibly have
the intelligence
and the capabilities
to produce spaceships.
He says, we have such a
sad lack of recognition
of what our abilities are
and how we came about them.
>>REGINA: This is so true.
And as I recall, in
Adamski's book, he was shown
and it was explained to him
that this is the dominant form
throughout the universe.
There are thousands, if
not hundreds of thousands
of planets, that are populated
with the humanoid species.
>>STECKLING: There
are different races,
but they're not
different species.
And I remember hearing
somebody said, well,
the US government is in contact
with 150 species from space.
Nonsense.
Absolute nonsense.
>>REGINA: According
to Adamski, know
this is the most used, most
developed, and evolved form,
is what we now are as humans.
>>STECKLING: It's just
not Adamski who said that.
When you look at some of the
other authors I mentioned,
they say they have
narrowed it down to four--
human, humanoid,
robotic, and android.
That's what you have.
And some of the things that
people are seeing either
fall under the robotic
or android form,
but they're not biological,
sentient beings.
And there's a great difference.
And so we have this
fallacy that intelligence,
intellectuality, cognizance
changes our outer form.
Refinement comes about, true,
but those characteristics
come from within us.
>>REGINA: Well,
this is something
George was also saying.
>>STECKLING: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: The Venusians in
particular also physically
appear--
they have more refined
their societies.
They've refined their emotions.
And they also have a more
refined and beautiful physical
appearance.
>>STECKLING: True,
because like for instance,
here on this planet
we don't use robotics.
So for instance,
if we used robotics
to do highway construction
or all of these what we call
hard and physical manual
labor, which does cause
an immense amount of strain--
>>REGINA: Wear and tear.
>>STECKLING: --and stress, and
wear and tear on our bodies,
if we alleviate that and allow
ourselves to do other things,
then you see a
greater refinement.
Look, for instance,
look at the people
who are ballerinas or are in
these particular endeavors
where they have over time
refined their physical form.
>>REGINA: Beautiful
athletes, their bodies.
>>STECKLING: Beautiful
athletes, things like that.
And so they have learned
not to do things by extreme.
And that is the greatest
cause of destruction
of the human form
from the outside.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
I know I'm going
tangential here,
but it would be nice
to be able to speak
with a civilization
who's been through what
we've been through, what
we're going through now.
Because what's really
being demanded of us
is to find a new economic model
for our planet at this time.
This has already happened
in other civilizations.
Because when you were talking
a moment ago, I would say,
oh my god, more job-- if
you're listening as a human--
oh my god, more jobs
disappearing to robots.
That's what we're
fighting against.
But no, there are
other models of being
able to sustain ourselves and
not just survive, but thrive
outside of this
industrial model.
>>STECKLING: Because we
do not respect each other.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STECKLING: So if I am going
to replace an industry with
robotics, I must at
the same time provide--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --avenues of
employment and expression
for those who are
displaced out of that.
>>REGINA: Very true.
>>STECKLING: For instance, why
would I not send a robot in
to fight fires instead of humans
who often die in the endeavor
and then take those people
who are firefighters,
and give them the
avenues to express
based upon their own talent?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>STECKLING: But
we don't do that.
We don't do that.
We discard people.
And the reason we discard
people is because we
are an overpopulated planet.
The entire foundation
of our problems
comes from one thing
only, overpopulation.
>>REGINA: The only
thing is, Glenn,
we disrespected each other
prior to overpopulation.
>>STECKLING: True, but
the consequences of that
overpopulation--
the compression, the usage
of natural resources,
the availability of
food and medicine--
this irresponsible
constantly overpopulation
has put us in a position where
we are basically dog on dog
at the throat because
pretty soon we run out.
>>REGINA: And I would argue
our irresponsible use of what
we are given and what we have.
>>STECKLING: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: That's, to
me, the key problem,
is a lack of intelligent,
clear thinking.
>>STECKLING: We
have to move forward
by providing interim
opportunities instead
of a vacuum.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
I don't know how we're going to
come about or make it happen,
but as I said, if it were a
wish that could be fulfilled
it'd be wonderful to have
a summit with species
from elsewhere who've
been through this, who've
developed these models for
thriving, not just surviving.
>>STECKLING: Well,
they've been coming here
for thousands of years.
>>REGINA: And we're ignoring
them or shooting them down.
>>STECKLING: And
we're ignoring them.
For thousands of years they've
come historically amongst us
to show us a better way of life.
So let's look at this
other side of this.
If I constantly come to you and
say, Regina, what you're doing
is self-destructive, and
it's not good for you,
and you can see yourself and
feel the consequences of what
you do, and if you say, go
away, I like what I'm doing,
so who's the fool?
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS] I agree.
>>STECKLING: So after
a while they go,
and they move somewhere else.
Remember, we are one speck of
sand on a beach full of sand.
And if they are not
wanted here, there
are trillions of other places
to go where they may be wanted.
Only a fool wastes their
energy and purpose.
>>REGINA: I agree with that.
And so here we are.
Now we get to figure out these
challenges for ourselves.
But I'm glad you just
simply touched on
that, because that's one of the
things that Adamski brought up,
was the beauty and the grace
that filled the cultures that
emanated all the
way through even
to their physical
appearance because they
didn't abuse themselves
and wear themselves out.
In this case, we're talking
about one specific culture,
people on Venus.
>>STECKLING: Not the only
ones that he talked about.
>>REGINA: No.
And tell us a couple
more that he talked about
before we say goodbye here.
>>STECKLING: He talked about the
people who are living on Venus.
Now, of course, the first
thing everybody says, oh--
especially in the
UFO community, if you
talk about life in
this solar system,
they pooh-hoo it as
hard as they can.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah, yeah.
>>STECKLING: And
they do it on purpose
because they know by going to
a far distant place, the less
likelihood of being
contradicted in what they say.
So I sent you that
picture from Mariner 10.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: It shows Venus
with a cloud, and blue layers,
and two polar ice caps--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STECKLING: --the only
picture of that that
was released to the public.
Now, how do you
have polar ice caps
if it's 800 degrees
like they claim?
And so the discontinuity
between what we have been told
and what actually
exists is huge.
So George talked about
civilizations on Venus.
Isn't it interesting
that some of our science
talked about, well,
there may have been
ancient civilizations there?
So we agreed to the fact
that it was inhabitable
perhaps at one time.
They say the same
thing about Mars.
They say, oh, well, two
billion years ago we
had water and civilizations.
But yet they teach
the law of evolution,
which says you have
to go one billion,
two billion, three
billion, four,
and now we've reached the
point where we are on Earth.
But if we go to another
planet, then all
of a sudden this whole--
>>REGINA: It reverses their--
>>STECKLING: The
discontinuity is ridiculous.
So he talked about people on
Mars, he talked about Jupiter,
and he talked about Saturn.
And in fact, he talked about
places like Neptune as well.
And so I can only say
that out of that litany,
I have run across individuals
from four of those places.
>>REGINA: And tell us just--
this is fun-- the
characteristics from each one
that you could glean
from the people you met.
>>STECKLING: The
people from Venus--
and there's a reason why
there's an association
with ancient mythology
for these planets--
Mars, the god of war, and so on.
People of Venus are working
to refine themselves,
and to live in peace
and tranquility,
and to travel the cosmos,
and educate themselves
with truth, not this fiction.
They don't theorize
about anything.
They want to know.
They go to the place,
and they record the data,
and see it for themselves.
And so unlike here, where
we have astrophysicists
that come up with
whatever theory
pops in their mind
for this time,
like Hawkings, and hasn't
got an ounce of truth to it.
And so that's the
type of individual
that comes from
there, or individuals.
>>REGINA: Where else?
We only have a couple minutes
left, but I want to hear it.
>>STECKLING: From
Jupiter we have
people who are representing
the black arts, black magic.
Each planet has its own symbol.
Venus has the curved S. Mars
has the lightning bolts.
Jupiter has the
five-pointed star.
Saturn has the
scales of equality.
And you will find that
in our own mythology.
You have that from Egypt.
You have that from Israel.
You have that from
World War II Germany.
And that represents those
who have come to influence
those societies as well.
Those societies copied
those insignias.
>>REGINA: So black
magic from Jupiter.
>>STECKLING: And Mars
is a group of people
who are more, shall
we say, like to play
games, mind-manipulative games.
>>REGINA: Kind of tricksters.
>>STECKLING: Tricksters only
to see if you will fall for it.
In other words, all
of these societies
that travel space are
not foolish enough
to cause you physical
harm, whether they're
so-called good ones or
bad ones, because they
know there is a
common law of karma
or a common law of what you set
in motion comes back to you.
And they're not stupid
to pay that price.
So they're not coming
here to abduct you.
They're not coming
here to torture you
or to cut you up because
they know that law of karma
will come directly back to them.
And they're smart enough
to say hell no, I'm
not paying that price.
But if I can make you do things
to yourself by being agreeable
or to your weaknesses,
then they laugh.
And the people from Mars
are those kind of people.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>STECKLING: And there
are a lot of them here.
>>REGINA: OK, what's
the fourth one?
You said there were four.
>>STECKLING: Oh,
that Saturn was--
>>REGINA: Saturn.
>>STECKLING: --the
law of equality.
That's the most advanced
planet in this system.
And those people are
purpose in motion.
They don't do
anything haphazardly.
They are never bored.
For them, life, being a part
of life, the creative force,
is everything and
that understanding.
And that allows them
to do many things
that the other people on
other planets can't go.
>>REGINA: Fascinating.
And all of them show
up in human form?
>>STECKLING: All of them
show up in human form.
>>REGINA: Our cosmos.
We are out of time, but I
want to say thank you so
much for not only
carrying forward
Adamski and your father's work,
but for continuing on your own.
You're your own
warrior in this area.
And it's nice to have a sane
conversation around this topic
instead of something that's
competitive and salacious as it
often is.
>>STECKLING: I agree.
And I appreciate your
interview, and your questions,
and your capabilities
of doing that.
And in some ways I feel
like the last man standing,
but, eh, that's OK.
>>REGINA: That's OK.
Just keep standing.
Thank you again.
>>STECKLING: Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: Again, Glenn's
new book is titled "The UFO
Reality--
Can Truth Prevail?"
which you can find
at major booksellers.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]